2
in Teachers College at Columbia. Clark discovered that he
had had a few extra rubles turned over to him to
make a study of wages, the object being to work out an
index in order that every child may know exactly how
much money he can earn as bootlegger or bookblacker
before it is too late and he has become a coal
miner. In the stress and strife of this pursuit, the tariff
has suffered neglect. The work is part time, but it
about exhausts my enthusiasm for economics for the day.
However, the results will ultimately for prove very helpful, - the
design being to turn out a very learned monograph, and said 
monograph should open a page or two to articles. As
soon as the study gets a good start, I'll attempt to turn
some of my energies back again to the tariff.
My thoughts are much turned to the possibility of
saving enough out of the wreckage to join your expedition if 
you make it to Russia this summer. Possibily the wage
study may be finished before June, and we could get in
a few weeks conference in Cleveland. I get around once in
awhile to the slavic room, and will drag the catalogue
of translated novels into the typewriter room shortly &
make a copy.
While in Boston, I wandered around among the
graveyards. Upon the tombstone of James other Otis, observed
sitting at one end a pigion, - at the other a squirrel, both
looking very sheepish. Sic transit gloria -
Ed seems to be very much concerned over the
coming Ph. D exam, + even contemplates the possibility of
flunking it.
Your hat was recovered from the stein at
the famous 55¢ meal, and eventually will find itself
in Cleveland, but thus far I haven't seen anything around
the place that would conceal a hat for any distance.
Meanwhile, don't teach the maidens of Western
Reserve any sound doctrines. One of the teachers at Hunter
College told me he was called in and shown a complaint
from his students to the following tenor:- we like our teacher
very much but we think he is a bit dogmatic. And he teaches
the non-existence of the soul without offering adequate
proof thereof-"
Canonically
Merv
